carbon black vmware edr v2 id in quarantine request fix (#14990)
demisto/content: Packs/Carbon_Black_Enterprise_Response/ReleaseNotes/2_1_9.md

#### Integrations
##### VMware Carbon Black EDR v2

> - Fixed an issue where quarantine_device_command was sending unsupported arguments both in the http request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***cb-edr-quarantine-device*** and ***cb-edr-unquarantine-device*** commands failed to run on VMware Carbon Black EDR Server 7.5.0.
```
